README.md, before:

# Power BI Portfolio Projects

**Technologies & Tools:**

![Power BI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Power_BI-F2C811?style=for-the-badge&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black) ![Microsoft Excel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft_Excel-217346?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-excel&logoColor=white) ![Microsoft SQL Server](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft_SQL_Server-CC2927?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-sql-server&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)


Welcome to my repository! Here, I will be adding Power BI projects I implement to continuously enhance my skills in business intelligence, data visualization and analytics.

## 💬 Connect with Me
LinkedIn: [linkedin.com/in/maryamadel99](https://www.linkedin.com/in/maryamadel99)  
Gmail: [maryamadela9@gmail.com](mailto:maryamadela9@gmail.com)


## 📊 Projects

### [Projct 1: HR Analytics Dashboard](https://github.com/MaryamAdel9/Power-BI-HR-Analytics-Dashboard)
This project is an HR Analytics dashboard created using Power BI. The dashboard translates raw employee data into actionable insights in a user-friendly format providing a clear view of demographics, performance, and turnover trends.

Commit message:

Update README.md with project 2

README.md, after:

# Power BI Portfolio Projects

**Technologies & Tools:**

![Power BI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Power_BI-F2C811?style=for-the-badge&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black) ![Microsoft Excel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft_Excel-217346?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-excel&logoColor=white) ![Microsoft SQL Server](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft_SQL_Server-CC2927?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-sql-server&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Data Modeling](https://img.shields.io/badge/Data%20Modeling-336791?style=for-the-badge&logo=database&logoColor=white)


Welcome to my repository! This is a portfolio of projects where I’m saving every step of my journey to reach my passion. Here you’ll find my experiments with data, crafting user-friendly visuals, and building dashboards. Along the way, I’m sharpening my skills in analytics, visualization, and data storytelling.

## 💬 Connect with Me
LinkedIn: [linkedin.com/in/maryamadel99](https://www.linkedin.com/in/maryamadel99)  
Gmail: [maryamadela9@gmail.com](mailto:maryamadela9@gmail.com)


## 📊 Projects

### [Projct 2: Sales Dashboard](https://github.com/MaryamAdel9/Sales-Dashboard)
This project transforms sales data from a flat file into a structured Star Schema model (Fact and Dimension tables). Relationships between tables were carefully created and validated to ensure accurate reporting.

I developed several DAX measures to highlight key insights such as order trends and regional performance. I also used Figma to design a custom background, giving the dashboard a clean and polished look.

Excited to keep growing my skills in data modeling, visualization.

<img width="891" height="488" alt="sales Dashboard" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/465f21f4-535a-409a-9194-9dc68283ffcc" />

---

### [Projct 1: HR Analytics Dashboard](https://github.com/MaryamAdel9/Power-BI-HR-Analytics-Dashboard)
This project is an HR Analytics dashboard created using Power BI. The dashboard translates raw employee data into actionable insights in a user-friendly format providing a clear view of demographics, performance, and turnover trends.
